In the previous video, we already learn about
the most simple computer network,
which is connection between two computers.
Here is the example, we have PC 1 connected
to the PC 2 using UTP Cable.
But if we just connecting two computer using
UTP cable like this, these two computer can’t
communicate yet.
If we want PC 1 and PC 2 can communicate each
others, we will need an IP Address on both
of PC 1 and PC 2.
So what is an IP Address?
IP Address is the name of computer in the
computer network.
Let’s imagine in the real world, if we want
to communicate with our friends, we will need
to know his or her name.
Let’s say his name is Dony, so we will call him
“hey Dony!, let’s go to eat”.
As well as computer network, each computer
will need a name to communicate each others.
And the name of computer in the computer network
is an IP Address.
For example, the IP Address of PC 1 is 192.168.1.1,
if you don’t understand this numbers yet, don’t worry!
We will learn more about IP Address in the
next video.
For now, just understand that this is the
example of IP Address.
And then the IP Address of PC 2 is 192.168.1.2
Now these two computer have an IP Address,
so they can communicate each others.
The IP Address of PC 1 is 192.168.1.1, and
the IP Address of PC 2 is 192.168.1.2.
Let’s say PC 2 want to access data on PC 1,
so PC 2 can call the PC 1 IP Address, \which
which is 192.168.1.1.
This is how computer network work!
Okay, for the summary, each computer in the
computer network will be need a name to communicate
each others, and the name of computer in the
computer netwok is an IP Address.
Okay I hope you understand about what is IP
Address and why we need an IP Address in the
computer network.
In the next video, we are going to learn how
to install Cisco Packet Tracer.
What is Cisco Packet Tracer?
Cisco Packet Tracer is a network simulation
tool that will help us very much to learn
about computer network especially cisco.
So thankyou for watching and see you on the
next video!